docs:added docs for custom interaction (#20379)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-android/install-configure/configure-new-relic-gradle-plugin.mdx

      </td>
    </tr>

        <tr>
      <td>
        `defaultInteractionsEnabled`
      </td>

      <td>

>           Disabled the to create DefaultInteractions for Activities and Fragments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Set to `false` to create `DefaultInteractions` for Activities and Fragments.
```
